If I were a cat, I'd spend all my nine lives with you.
Are you a charger? Because I'm dying without you.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Do you have a GPS? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Your hand looks heavy, can I hold it for you?
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue; I sure am glad I swiped right on you.
Cupid called. He says that he needs my heart back.
Quick question: Are you sunburned or are you just always this hot?
You’re so sweet, you could put Hershey’s out of business.
The only sweet I want for Valentine’s Day is a cutie pie like you!
Are you a campfire? ’Cause you’re hot and I want s’more.
Are you a loan? Because you definitely have my interest.
Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’m searching for this V-Day.
Are you an angle that’s less than 90 degrees? Because you’re acute-y.
Did it hurt? You know, when you got shot by Cupid’s arrow?
I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art.
I asked Cupid for a map because I just keep getting lost in your eyes.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You should sign up for a marathon, ’cause you’ve been running through my mind all day.
I bought you a dictionary for V-Day because, you know, you add meaning to my life.Related StorySave These Cheesy Pickup Lines for Your Next Match
Save These Cheesy Pickup Lines for Your Next Match
You’re sweeter than all the candy hearts in the world combined.
Hi, my name is (insert your name here) but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time?
They can’t fit what I feel for you on a conversation heart.
Are you my wisdom teeth? Because I have a feeling that I should take you out for V-Day as soon as possible.
My friends bet that I couldn’t get a super-hot date for Valentine’s Day. Wanna go spend their money with me?
You know what you would really look beautiful in this Valentine’s Day? My arms.
Do you like cats? Because I’d like you to takemeowt.
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Wanna be pretty cute together?
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
I can’t turn water into wine, but I’m hoping to turn you into mine.
My name is [insert here], but you can just call me your valentine.
Hey, have we met before? You look a lot like the love of my life.Related StoryThis? Just 50 Pickup Lines for Your Fave Nerd
This? Just 50 Pickup Lines for Your Fave Nerd
This Valentine’s Day, let’s make like fabric softener and Snuggle.
You know what else Valentine’s Day is? Our future anniversary date.
Even if Earth didn’t have gravity, I’d still be falling for you.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you’re a 9…and Cupid says I’m the 1 you need.
I’m glad Cupid listened to me—you’re exactly what I asked for.
I love you like Cupid loves Valentine’s Day.
Do you have Cupid’s number? I should call him and say thank you.
If I had a candy heart for every time you  sweetened my day, I’d have a million boxes.
You know, I'm not currently an organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
Romantic Gifts for V-Day Right over Here!
I watched a documentary that said lips are the most sensitive part of the body, wanna find out if that’s true?
Want to be my ate this Valentine's Day? You'll get the D later.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Because I see me in your pants.
Did you sit in sugar? Because your booty is sweet.
Let only latex stand between us.
Please don't let this go to your head, but do you want some?
Are you feeling down? Because I'd happily feel you up.
You must be a box of chocolates, because I want to lick you all over.
I'm training to be an astronaut, and my first mission is to explore Uranus.
Wanna go halfsies on making a baby?
Are you a light switch? Because you really turn me on.
I’m sorry I didn’t get you chocolates for Valentine’s Day…but if you want something sweet, then I’m right here.
If I had a garden, I’d put your tulips and my tulips together.
You can keep the Hershey’s—I just want a kiss.
Did you ask for a Snickers this Valentine’s Day? Because I want you to satisfy me.
Do you wanna eat a box of chocolates…or me?
Did you sit on a bag of conversation hearts? ’Cause you have a pretty sweet booty.Related Story75 Romantic Pickup Lines That Are Cute, Not Cringe
75 Romantic Pickup Lines That Are Cute, Not Cringe
Happy Valentine’s Daaaaaaayum.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely just turned me on.
I’d like to take you to the movies this V-Day, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.
I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock.
Do you like Valentine’s Day sales? Because clothing is 100 percent off at my place.
Tonight’s menu: chocolate, candy hearts, and you.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box to unwrap.
For Valentine’s Day, let’s put on some Netflix and not watch it.
You know what’s on the Valentine’s Day menu? Me-n-u.
In honor of Valentine’s Day, let’s call me Cupid. Can I stick my arrow in you?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
If I buy you dinner, will you be dessert?
Roses are red, violets are fine. I’ll be the 6, you be the 9.
I called Cupid asking for an angel, but I was hoping they’d send a devil like you instead.
What are you doing tonight besides me?
There are 206 bones in the human body, but I’d really like to have 207.
I’m not really into watching sunsets, but I sure would love to watch you go down.
Would you kiss me in the rain? I want to get twice as wet.
What time do you get off? Can I watch?
I love your outfit. I would love it even more crumpled in a heap on my bedroom floor.
My doctor told me I have a vitamin D deficiency. Want to go back to my place and fix that for me?
These Romantic Movies Will Make Ya Believe in Love